There's a lot of people like yourself
who have this tension inside of them. On
one level, they are, "Wow, I didn't get
enough done." And on another level, they
know that if they don't rest, they're
not going to get as much done. And yet,
when they try to rest, they're
constantly telling themselves they have
to do more. So, in this video, the main
thing that we're going to do is talk
about how to see rest completely
differently. And then we're going to
give you some very practical tools on
how to make sure that you can rest
without guilt.
So, where this whole thing starts is
that somewhere in your life, you were
told and you believe that if you work
harder, you'll be further along. If you
do more, you'll get more love, you'll
get more attention, you'll get more
money. That's something that you were
taught. And maybe you were taught that
by a parent or by a teacher, but it was
something that you were taught somehow.
You got rewarded for doing more. So, it
paid off in some way and then you
believed it. But if you really look at
the way the world works, it's not the
case. I know people who I've worked with
that are billionaires who really
literally made two or three good
business decisions that took them no
more than four weeks to become that
billionaire because they were investors
and they didn't have to do a tremendous
amount. I know other people who've
worked their butt off day after day and
they're still just keeping the checkbook
kind of even and all that hard work that
they put in day after day hasn't paid
off in the same way. We all see that
there's ways that people have figured
something out that doesn't require hard
work and it's in every aspect. Now,
obviously hard work is required for some
things, but it's also not the case that
more hard work gets you even further
along, right? It's the approach as well.
There's this great musician who talks
about how he became one of the world's
best jazz players. And it wasn't just
how many hours he put in, though he did
put in hours, but what he did was that
he learned how to fall in love with
practice. And so his practice wasn't
about getting better. His practice was
like brushing teeth. It was something
that was supposed to feel good both in
the moment and that would make you feel
better in the long term. And that
approach made a huge difference rather
than beating himself up for not
practicing enough. Because once you beat
yourself up for not practicing, then
it's harder and harder to practice. It
doesn't work as compared to somebody who
is not beating themselves up. So it's
not just how many hours you put in, it's
how you approach it that makes you
successful.
So once you realize that that thing that
you were taught that the more effort you
put in, the more valuable you are, the
more you're worthy, and you start to see
that, oh, there's a certain amount of
effort that I can put in that's the
optimal amount of effort. So quickly to
understand that if a basketball player
worked out 24 hours a day, they clearly
are not going to be the best basketball
player. They're going to be
right? That they're they're not going to
actually even be alive. So there's a
certain amount that you can work and
there's a certain amount where you can't
work because you need rest. And you need
rest physically so that your muscles can
recover. But you also need rest mentally
so that you can learn, so you can
process the information so that you come
at it fresh, so that you have the right
energy. And a great example of this is a
author that I met. He said, "I'm going
to work 10 hours a day and see how much
that produces or I'm going to do 3 hours
a day for 7 days straight and see how
much that produces." And over time, what
he found out was through this
experimental process, he would take two
15-minute breaks where he got in his
body, where he would dance or walk or
something that got him grounded in his
body. Even if he was in flow, he found
out that, oh, if I stop and I get in my
body, then I get more good pages in. And
so, even economists know this about
factories that you can't run a factory
24/7 and have it be in its optimal
production rate. You need to actually
rest the factory as well. You need to be
able to have maintenance. there's other
things that you have to do. And so the
first thing to realize is there is a
maximum amount of effort that you can
put in that's going to get the best
results. And to find out what that is is
the first step of making sure you get
the rest that you need. Because when you
realize that, oh, I need x amount of
rest to get the best results, you're
going to get that x amount of rest.
Just pick one thing that's important to
you. It doesn't matter if it's pickle
ball or if it's creating great art or if
it's uh making great decisions.
What you can do is you can say, "Okay,
how many hours can I make great
decisions in a row? How much time do I
dedicate to get the best results?" And
the funny thing is, you think about that
decision thing. You know who did that?
It was Jeff Bezos. Jeff Bezos starting
at about 10:00 after 2 hours of what he
called wandering and ending at 5 was the
optimal amount of time that he could use
to make great decisions. Otherwise, he
started getting fatigued and he would
make really bad decisions. And if you
think that's true for him, it's also
true for you. Think about a decision
that you made that cost you years of
your life. Maybe it's somebody that you
dated or maybe it's the way that ra you
raised your kids. One good decision can
save you years upon years of your life.
So the job is to just pick one thing
that you think is really important for
you to do and do experiments to find out
what's the optimal amount of time that
you can do that thing that gets you the
best results.
The second thing you can do is really
experiment how to rest. But here's the
thing about that is most people what
they really need is a rest from their
incessant voice telling them they're not
doing enough. Right? And so if you're
constantly beating yourself up for not
doing enough, then you're never getting
the rest that you need. So I had a a a
CEO that I invested in long time ago and
she was just a hard driver. And I asked
her, "How do you drive so hard, so much,
so long, for so many years?" And she
said, "H, you know, I don't know." And
one day I was hanging out with her and
she said, "Oh, it's my time to ride
horses." I was like, "What's going on?"
And somehow or another she like she was
50s something years old and when she was
35 years old she learned how to ride
horses and jump them. I went to go visit
and then we went down to the thing and
she did it. We talked in the car on the
way. Talked in the car on the way back.
But I noticed when she was on that horse
she couldn't think about anything but
the horse. 45 minutes straight she
didn't think about work. She didn't
think about herself. She didn't beat
herself up. She didn't drive herself.
And it gave her enough of a break so
that she could be revitalized at the end
of it and then go back to work. And that
was her way of really getting rest and
her way of stopping that incessant
negative voice in the head which is
constantly riding her which gave her no
rest whatsoever.
Some rest is best done as exercise and
some rest is best done as being still
and some rest is meditation and some
rest is hanging out with friends.
Different kinds of rest get you
different results and sometimes you need
one kind of rest and sometimes you need
another kind of rest. So identifying the
rest that gives you the best results is
a wonderful thing to do.
So here's a really simple easy way for
you to
get the rest that you actually deserve.
And here it is. As you're sitting there,
close your eyes right now and listen to
the voice in your head. Listen to how
you're speaking to yourself. And every
time that voice in your head says
something to you, like you should work
harder,
like you haven't done enough, like you
screwed up this, you screwed up that,
whatever it has to say, anything that it
says that you wouldn't say to another
person, respond out loud, "Ouch,
please don't treat me like that." Silly,
right? But so effective. Just close your
eyes, hang out, and listen to the voice.
And every time it says something that
you wouldn't say to somebody else, say,
"Ouch,
ouch, please don't treat me like that."
What's going to happen is that voice is
going to get quieter and quieter. It's
going to go into the background and
you're going to get some rest. Maybe
you'll fall asleep. Maybe you'll just
enter spaciousness. Something will
happen, but it'll become less and less.
So that's it. It's a really simple way
to make sure you get the rest that you
need. And what you'll notice is if you
do that long enough, all of a sudden
you'll be inspired. You'll be like, "Oh,
great. And now I'm up to do the next
thing." Whereas if you're ignoring it
like with a doom scroll or if you're
ignoring it by social media addiction or
drug addiction, you'll notice that that
never really satiates. You never like
all of a sudden pop up and go, "Okay,
I'm ready to do the thing." You might
push yourself into doing the thing, but
you don't have that natural inspiration
to do the thing.
The last component here that I think is
really important is for you to actually
notice there's a part of you right now
that is already at rest.
There's some part of you that doesn't
ever stir.
So, I'm I'm going to ask you to feel for
that right now. It's it's always there.
There's always some part of you that is
silent,
that is undisturbed.
And if you just feel into that,
you'll notice there's always a rest
available to you. There's always a
quiet, settled place that you can go to
inside of yourself.
It's just that easy.